DOC Tweak documentation build doc (#29749)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/developers/contributing.rst

    make html

This will run all the examples, which takes a while. You can also run only a few examples based on their file names.

> Here is a way to run all examples with file names containing `plot_calibration`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is a way to run all examples with filenames containing `plot_calibration`:
```
i think it is filename, not file name?

.. prompt:: bash

    EXAMPLES_PATTERN="plot_calibration" make html

> You can actually use regular expressions for more advanced use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use regular expressions for more advanced use cases.
```
Sounds better/not sure what the "actually" means here
